Document the new ci-monitoring stack (#34823)
openshift/release: clusters/app.ci/ci-grafana/README.md

# CI-Grafana

This folder contains the manifests for Grafana managed by [grafana-operator](https://github.com/grafana-operator/grafana-operator).
The grafana-operator is installed via [Operator Hub](https://console-openshift-console.apps.ci.l2s4.p1.openshiftapps.com/operatorhub) into `namespace/ci-grafana` and managed by operator-lifecycle-manager (OLM).

## Dashboards

The dashboards for Grafana are generated from [mixins](../openshift-user-workload-monitoring/mixins) with the command:

> make -C clusters/app.ci/openshift-user-workload-monitoring/mixins all

The generated dashboards are stored in [mixins/grafana_dashboards_out](../openshift-user-workload-monitoring/mixins/grafana_dashboards_out).

> The `jsonnot` objects are there because it is easy for validation in CI if all the mixins generated manifests stays together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `jsonnet` objects are there because it is easy for validation in CI if all the mixins generated manifests stay together.
```
